.TH "GIT-PW BUNDLE" "1" "2023-05-08" "2.4.1" "git-pw bundle Manual"
.SH NAME
git-pw\-bundle \- Interact with bundles.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B git-pw bundle
[OPTIONS] COMMAND [ARGS]...
.SH DESCRIPTION
Interact with bundles.
.PP
    Bundles are custom, user-defined groups of patches. Bundles can be
    used to keep patch lists, preserving order, for future inclusion in
    a tree. There's no restriction of number of patches and they don't
    even need to be in the same project. A single patch also can be
    part of multiple bundles at the same time.  An example of Bundle
    usage would be keeping track of the Patches that are ready for
    merge to the tree.

.SH COMMANDS
.PP
\fBapply\fP
  Apply bundle.
  See \fBgit-pw bundle-apply(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBapply\fP command.
.PP
\fBshow\fP
  Show information about bundle.
  See \fBgit-pw bundle-show(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBshow\fP command.
.PP
\fBdownload\fP
  Download bundle in mbox format.
  See \fBgit-pw bundle-download(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBdownload\fP command.
.PP
\fBlist\fP
  List bundles.
  See \fBgit-pw bundle-list(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBlist\fP command.
.PP
\fBcreate\fP
  Create a bundle.
  See \fBgit-pw bundle-create(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBcreate\fP command.
.PP
\fBupdate\fP
  Update a bundle.
  See \fBgit-pw bundle-update(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBupdate\fP command.
.PP
\fBdelete\fP
  Delete a bundle.
  See \fBgit-pw bundle-delete(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBdelete\fP command.
.PP
\fBadd\fP
  Add one or more patches to a bundle.
  See \fBgit-pw bundle-add(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBadd\fP command.
.PP
\fBremove\fP
  Remove one or more patches from a bundle.
  See \fBgit-pw bundle-remove(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBremove\fP command.
