.TH "GIT-PW" "1" "2023-05-08" "2.4.1" "git-pw Manual"
.SH NAME
git-pw \- git-pw is a tool for integrating Git with...
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B git-pw
[OPTIONS] COMMAND [ARGS]...
.SH DESCRIPTION
git-pw is a tool for integrating Git with Patchwork.
.PP
    git-pw can interact with individual patches, complete patch series, and
    customized bundles.  The three major subcommands are *patch*, *bundle*,
    and *series*.
.PP
    The git-pw utility is a wrapper which makes REST calls to the Patchwork
    service. To use git-pw, you must set up your environment by configuring
    your Patchwork server URL and either an API token or a username and
    password. To configure the server URL, run::
.PP
      git config pw.server http://pw.server.com/path/to/patchwork
.PP
    To configure the token, run::
.PP
      git config pw.token token
.PP
    Alternatively, you can pass these options via command line parameters or
    environment variables.
.PP
    For more information on any of the commands, simply pass ``--help`` to the
    appropriate command.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-\-debug\fP
Output more information about what's going on.
.TP
\fB\-\-token\fP TOKEN
Authentication token. Defaults to the value of 'git config pw.token'.
.TP
\fB\-\-username\fP USERNAME
Authentication username. Defaults to the value of 'git config pw.username'.
.TP
\fB\-\-password\fP PASSWORD
Authentication password. Defaults to the value of 'git config pw.password'.
.TP
\fB\-\-server\fP SERVER
Patchwork server address/hostname. Defaults to the value of 'git config pw.server'.
.TP
\fB\-\-project\fP PROJECT
Patchwork project. Defaults to the value of 'git config pw.project'.
.TP
\fB\-\-version\fP
Show the version and exit.
.SH COMMANDS
.PP
\fBpatch\fP
  Interact with patches.
  See \fBgit-pw-patch(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBpatch\fP command.
.PP
\fBseries\fP
  Interact with series.
  See \fBgit-pw-series(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBseries\fP command.
.PP
\fBbundle\fP
  Interact with bundles.
  See \fBgit-pw-bundle(1)\fP for full documentation on the \fBbundle\fP command.
